Here's the exercise program for calculating average of all the elements in an array.
So you are supposed to take the list of elements as an input in an array and then calculate the average
amount of all those elements.
So this program uses an array here I will show you how the program should run, what should be the input and what
should be the output, and a program file is given in the resource if you face any difficulty then you
can check that program code.
Yeah.
Here is a program for finding the average of elements from an array.
I will run the program and show you it's asking the number of elements.
so I Will say there are five elements and the elements are 10 and 20 30 40 and 50.
So the average of all these elements is 30.
So the output is given here.
So you are supposed to take the no. of elements and then read all the elements and you have to keep
all these elements in an array.
So the main important thing in the program is to store the elements in an array and from the array you have
to iterate through all the elements using for loop and find out sum.
And then you can calculate average by dividing the sum of the elements by number of elements.
So try this for program it is based on arrays and even the program file is available as pdf.